
        story.start.insert(1, format!("It was a sunny and clear summer day in the small village where my story began. The story of finding the great treasure of my {}.", "heart".red().bold()));

        story.start.insert(2, format!("[{}] Moving is a huge pain.  I have just moved from Tokyo out to a small village in northern Japan, named {}. It is kind of in the middle of nowhere but the nature is completely stunning. Why did I move out here you ask? Well, I am a student of Daiten university, and there is a study program in this area for something quite interesting.", "October 16th".bold(), "Inumura".cyan()));

        story.start.insert(3, format!("There is a new species of bacteria growing in the mountain forests near the village that might lead to some serious developments in cancer research. This small area is the only place in the world this bacteria has been discovered."));

        story.start.insert(4, format!("It's name is {}. In some studies with medicine made from this bacteria, the cancer in lab rats completely disappeared. Yet I have heard there are some... strange side effects… Which seemed to be something completely glossed over in what I was told about this project.", "X-1".cyan()));

Carrying one of my not insignificant boxes of possessions in through the entryway,  my brother gives me a pained look. “I am guessing you brought every single one of your books...” He groaned, as he set the box down. “I only brought a few, and you were the one that volunteered to help! One can never have too many books”. I said wisely. He sighed, and went back outside without saying anything to grab another box. 

My younger brother, <c>Kintaro<c>, or otherwise called Kinta (a nickname that I most certainly did not abuse when we were kids), is only here to help me move in. We had both lived in Tokyo our whole lives, and he was curious how remote this village was, which I am assuming was his excuse for helping.

Being only a year younger than me, we have always had a pretty close relationship. Which, I am certainly grateful for in times like these. Extra muscle-power to the rescue! Finishing arranging the boxes I walked outside to grab more, and I noticed a woman – a quite dazzling woman – standing by the truck talking to my brother. 

She was wearing a bright dress with a wide straw hat.  That, and the sun combined with her immediately apparent bright personality, made her positively glow. Did I mention she was cute? She seemed to be close to my age as well.

As I stepped beside my brother he gestured at me and said, “This is the new tenant , my brother”. “Hello! My name is <c>Futaba<c> Aikawa. Nice to meet you.”, The woman said this to me with a smile. Her bright mood was immediately contagious and I found myself smiling back as I said, “I am <c>NAMEHERE<c>, nice to meet you as well. I am happy that there seems to be nice neighbors”.

“I think you will love it here”. Aikawa-san said. “It is certainly not Tokyo but this is my favorite place in the world. Why don’t you bolth come by for tea when you are done moving in? I can tell you more about <c>Inumura<c>”. I could see my brother had been filling her in on some things. Before I could respond, my brother said with genuine disappointment: “I have to get going right away and return the truck. I also have to be on my way back home as soon as possible.” “I can be by though!” I said. My poor brother. “I live two houses down the road to the right from here. See you then!” Aikawa-san said before walking in that direction.

Several hours later, once my brother and I had reached a functional level of “moved in”, he left with the truck to return home. I meanwhile, was taking a moment to relax on the <c>nure-en<c> on the back of the house. The house was a more modern mixture of western and Japanese style architecture, having a single tatami bedroom, a small western style dining room, a small living room, and a bathroom. It was on the small side, but it was within my meager budget, and the landlord seemed forgiving. 

The back of the house looked out in to an unkempt space with room for a garden and a shed. The yard led directly to the start of the forest leading up a steep hill to the beginnings of the mountains further beyond. Was I going to clean all this up and do something with it? Probably not. But I might… I just might… 

It was getting closer to evening so I thought I had better go to Aikawa-san’s house for tea. 

My house was on a dirt road leading from the village, near the start of the forested mountains. Out this far, the houses were pretty sparse, with wide spacious properties. They had various levels of upkeep, but most were pleasing to the eye, with a few having vegetable gardens. 

Heading down this road I was accosted by one of the most evil and foul creatures I would ever meet: a <c>rooster<c>. It stood in the middle of the road and looked at me with its baleful eyes. I knew that was a look of pure, soul-shriveling hatred. 

Being the naive city dweller I was, I decided to simply continue on my way and ignore the beast. As I drew along side him, he suddenly flared up his wings and beat them at me, letting out a loud shriek. “Ooh!” I yelled and jumped to the side and ran farther down the road. 

The rooster was back to haughtily standing in the middle of it’s domain, fixing its look of total loathing on me. What a jerk. 

Two houses down I looked down the drive-way to my destination. Aikawa-san’s house was a more traditional home, with <c>shoji<c> sliding doors on the side, leading out to a path that wound around the back of the house. It was a beautiful home, but it was showing its age and needed some work. The yard showed signs of previous development but was also showing signs of neglect. Finally, I did a quick safety check for more evil roosters before heading up to the front door.

Before I could knock, the door opened to Aikawa-san’s radiant face. “Hello!” She said. “Welcome in. I saw you coming from my window.” I was immediately swept away by her presence, and in a daze I came in, and took my shoes off in the entry. “Hello Aikawa-san. I hope I am not coming by too late. I was pretty tired from moving in.” I said pausing for a moment. “Don’t worry about it. My mother and I were getting ready to eat dinner and I made extra.” Aikawa-san said this to me with a dismissive wave of her hand. “Oh, and just call me Futaba.” 

I was led into a tatami mat room, and the first thing I noticed was an incredibly ancient woman sitting at a table on a cushion. PLAYERNAME, “This is my mother, Aiko Aikawa.” Futaba said cheerily. Futaba’s mother looked more like a many times great-great grandmother, and she was very small too. She nodded slowly in my direction, not saying a word, as I introduced myself. 

“Why don’t you have a seat and I will bring us some food?” Futaba said. I was feeling pretty hungry, having not eaten since this morning so I sat down without protest.

Sitting across from Futaba’s mother seemed daunting at first, because there was no indication that this anceint statue wanted to talk, but I felt comfortable being in silence with her. I could hear Futaba making noise in another room for a while when suddenly, the old lady spoke:

“Keep a clear mind around her.”

I was startled to hear her speak, and I had no idea what she meant. But she had a slight smile on her face, and seemed overall in a kind mood, so I simply and awkwardly said: “Yes, Thank you. I will.” The small elder continued to sit there in silence.

When Futaba came back in the room carrying 3 plates on a platter, I decided not to mention what her mother had said. I could already smell the food from here and I was starving. “I hope you like curry!” Futaba said. “This is a family recipe”. Futaba and I ate, and her mother slowly picked at her small portion. Futaba started telling me about Inumura and I was immediately absorbed into her story.

